README.md, before:

# ui-marketing
Repo for the UI marketing developers.
Product Vision: 

☝️ Proposal----------------------

What problem does your app solve?
	A nice central place to keep family recipes so you won’t forget.
Be as specific as possible; how does your app solve the problem?
	Keeping our recipes secret for our families to view.
What is the mission statement?
	Organize your secrets.

💡 Features------------------------

What features are required for your minimum viable product?
    -Complete CRUD (create, read, update, delete) functionality to store recipe data
    -Deployed correctly
-Proper state management

What features may you wish to put in a future release?
    -Ability to upload videos of cooking the recipes
    Scan to PDF, form recognition
    -Comment section with ratings and additional alterations
    -Shopping list
-What do the top 3 similar apps do for their users?
    -Allrecipes, Tasty, Tastemade

🛠 Frameworks - Libraries---------------------------

What 3rd party frameworks/libraries are you considering using?
    -Redux
    -React-Strap, styled-components
    -Express
    -Axios
    -React-router-dom
    -Knex
    -sqlite3
Do the APIs you need require you to contact them to gain access?
    -No, they’re free.
Are you required to pay to use said API(s)?
    -No, they’re free.

🧮 For Data Scientists---------------------------------------

Describe the established data source with at least rough data able to be provided on day one.
Write a description for what the data science problem is. What uncertainty or prediction are you trying to discover? How could this data be used to find a solution to this problem?
What kind of target output can you deliver to the Web/UX/iOS teams to work with? Is it in JSON format or something else?
🎯 Target Audience

Who is your target audience? Be specific.
Grandmas and millenials
What feedback have you gotten from potential users?
We haven’t done any user research.
Have you validated this problem and your solution with a target audience? Describe how
Nope.	

🔑 Prototype Key Feature(s)

How long do you think it will take to implement these features?
6 days
Do you anticipate working on stretch functionality after completion of a Minimal Viable Product?
Definitely attempting if time permits.

Commit message:

built out main body content, had to use combo of height, width, and display:inlinie-block, to get blocks to sit next to each other. Still need to get main header sitting next to each other and nav bar to space out horizontally.

README.md, after:

# ui-marketing
Repo for the UI marketing developers.


Secret Family Recipes Cookbook
PITCH
    Anyone can go out and buy a cookbook these days, but I want a place to store all my secret family recipes, handed down from generation to generation. The little cards my grandma wrote the recipes on in her beautiful cursive are getting lost or are hard to read. I need somewhere secure to keep my recipes with me at all times!
MVP
    - Onboarding process for a new user
    - Ability to enter a new recipe, including title, source (ie grandma ethel), ingredients, instructions, and category (dinner, chicken, dessert, pasta, etc.) and edit or delete it later.
    -Homepage to view all entered recipes.
    -Ability to search for recipes by title or tagged categories
STRETCH
    - Ability to upload a picture of the original recipe along with the recipe entry.
    - By default all recipes uploaded can only be viewed by the person logged in, a stretch goal would add the ability to invite someone with the link to view the recipe.




Product Vision: 

☝️ Proposal----------------------

What problem does your app solve?
	A nice central place to keep family recipes so you won’t forget.
Be as specific as possible; how does your app solve the problem?
	Keeping our recipes secret for our families to view.
What is the mission statement?
	Organize your secrets.

💡 Features------------------------

What features are required for your minimum viable product?
    -Complete CRUD (create, read, update, delete) functionality to store recipe data
    -Deployed correctly
-Proper state management

What features may you wish to put in a future release?
    -Ability to upload videos of cooking the recipes
    Scan to PDF, form recognition
    -Comment section with ratings and additional alterations
    -Shopping list
-What do the top 3 similar apps do for their users?
    -Allrecipes, Tasty, Tastemade

🛠 Frameworks - Libraries---------------------------

What 3rd party frameworks/libraries are you considering using?
    -Redux
    -React-Strap, styled-components
    -Express
    -Axios
    -React-router-dom
    -Knex
    -sqlite3
Do the APIs you need require you to contact them to gain access?
    -No, they’re free.
Are you required to pay to use said API(s)?
    -No, they’re free.

🧮 For Data Scientists---------------------------------------

Describe the established data source with at least rough data able to be provided on day one.
Write a description for what the data science problem is. What uncertainty or prediction are you trying to discover? How could this data be used to find a solution to this problem?
What kind of target output can you deliver to the Web/UX/iOS teams to work with? Is it in JSON format or something else?
🎯 Target Audience

Who is your target audience? Be specific.
Grandmas and millenials
What feedback have you gotten from potential users?
We haven’t done any user research.
Have you validated this problem and your solution with a target audience? Describe how
Nope.	

🔑 Prototype Key Feature(s)

How long do you think it will take to implement these features?
6 days
Do you anticipate working on stretch functionality after completion of a Minimal Viable Product?
Definitely attempting if time permits.
